 RATTLESNAKE Game:

On game launch the play button is set to disabled. To start the game, select
the width, height and seed of your desire and press SET GAME. The maximum size
of field is 10 x 10 and the minimum is 3 x 3. On default, snake
starts so slither to RIGHT but you may choose the direction before clickling play.
You cannot change direction to the complete opposite direction, the direction where you
came from. The game prevents you from pressing the button.
Snake eats the red balls (apples) and grows. You will lose the game if you hit a wall
or if you hit yourself. To win the game, you must eat apples until you fill up the
game board.

You may set the game multiple times and start the game when you have the map of your desire.
When you start the game, you may pause the game by pressing pause button that is in the same
place as start button. If you lose or win the game, you may set up a new game by
pressing SET GAME



ADDITIONAL FEATURES ARE LISTED BELOW:
 1. Size of the gameboard can be adjusted within the game.
    Width and height can range from 3 to 10.                                     (10 p)
 2. Snakes length is written on the side of the game and updates everytime
      snake eats something.                                                      (5 p)
 6. When losing the game, game informs the player was it due to hitting a
    wall or was it due to snake trying to eat itself. This is shown in the
    upper right side of the screen                                               (5 p)
 7. Game has clock that tells the player how long the game has been on.         (5 p)
 8. Game has score. Score is calculated with the following formula:             (15 p)
      length * length * 2 - time(seconds). The longer the snake is, the harder
      the game gets, so score rewards the player accordingly.
      Time is deducted from the score so that faster players are rewarded with
      higher score. The snakes movement becomes 3 milliseconds faster each time
      snake eats something this is more noticeable when the game goes longer.
 10. The background color is changed to red on death and green on victory.      (10 p)
 11. Game has pause -option in the same button as play button.                  (10 p)
 13. When snake eats food, that part of snake is bigger than the rest of    (15 p)
          the body.
